Intervention manager skeleton and facemask example (#31)
CDCgov/ixa-epi-isolation: docs/transmission_modifiers.md

Transmission modifiers are not strictly independent, nor is it convenient to repeatedly define
their specific use cases, which would require independent querying that is repetitive and
error-prone. To avoid these pitfalls, this module provides a framework to incorporate transmission
modifiers in a flexible and generalized manner, such that all modifiers are detected and aggregated
when assessing the relative transmission potential of an infection attempt.

## Hook to transmission manager
In this module, we assume that an interaction between an infectious transmitter (I) and a
susceptible contact (S) has already occured. We alter the [transmission manager](transmission.md)
function `evaluate_transmission` that is conditioned on such an interaction. This is done using the
registered transmission modifiers of both I and S, which can be accessed through the
`query_infection_modifiers` function of the context trait extension
`ContextTransmissionModifierExt`.

```rust
fn query_infection_modifers(&mut self, transmitter_id: PersonId, contact_id: PersonId) -> f64 {
    self.compute_relative_transmission(transmitter_id) * self.compute_relative_transmission(contact_id)
}
```

> We assume that the infectiousness of transmitter I is independent of, and therefore additive

Author: For me additive = independent, but that's just my tendency to think in log-space

```rust
struct TransmissionModifierContainer {
    transmission_modifier_map: HashMap<InfectiousStatusType, HashMap<TypeId, Box<TransmissionModifierFn>>>,
    modifier_aggregator: HashMap<InfectiousStatusType, Box<TransmissionAggregatorFn>>,
}
```

`TransmissionModifierFn` and `TransmissionAggregatorFn` are types defined in the module that return
the `float` from a single modifier effect and from the total effect across modifiers, respectively,
for notational convenience.

```rust
type TransmissionModifierFn = dyn Fn(&Context, PersonId) -> f64;
type TransmissionAggregatorFn = dyn Fn(&Vec<(TypeId, f64)>) -> f64;
```

Other modules will implement particular instances of transmission modifiers and the
`transmission_manager` will call `query_infection_modifiers`, meaning that these modules will
require access to the `TransmissionModifierContainer`. We therefore require a trait extension that
includes the functionality to register modifiers and their aggregators, as well as call an
aggregator to compute the total relative transmission potential change due to the modifications
present for a given `PersonId`.

```rust
trait ContextTransmissionModifierExt {

>     fn register_transmission_modifier<T: PersonProperty + 'static + std::cmp::Eq + std::hash::Hash>(&mut self, infectious_status: InfectiousStatusType, person_property: T, instance_dict: Vec<(T::Value, f64)>);

Author: These are actually unnecessary calls and should be removed (per Eric's comment [above](https://github.com/CDCgov/ixa-epi-isolation/pull/31#discussion_r1906446190)). They're still in here but not in the script

effect by either treating unregistered cases as a default or by registering all values.

## Computation
### Aggregator functions
In the `TransmissionModifierContainer`, we implement a method for running the aggregator function
for some reference to a `Vec` of transmission modifiers using a specified `InfectiousStatusType`
key. We then assign a default method for the `modifier_aggregator` that assumes each effect is
independent, which is the most common anticipated assumption.

```rust
impl TransmissionModifierContainer {
    fn run_aggregator(&self, infectious_status: InfectiousStatusType, modifiers: &Vec<(TypeId, f64)>) -> f64{
        self.modifier_aggregator
            .get(&infectious_status)
            .unwrap_or(&Self::default_aggregator())
            (modifiers)
    }

    fn default_aggregator() -> Box<TransmissionAggregatorFn> {
        Box::new(|modifiers: &Vec<(TypeId, f64)>| -> f64 {
            let mut aggregate_effects = 1.0;

            for (_, effect) in modifiers {
                aggregate_effects *= effect;
            }

            aggregate_effects
        })
    }
}
```

> We define a default aggregator so that the user does not need to specify all or even any

Reviewer: One design caveat I see here is that the aggregator function registration is not modular. If a user wants to register their own custom modifier function, they need to be aware of all other interventions and their `TypeId`s. In the short term, we should write this down as a caveat. In the long term, I wonder if we can design an interface so that you can specify how two (or some subset of all interventions) interact with a custom aggregator and then the rest of the interventions default to using the independence aggregator.

their efficacy, or relative reduction in transmission potential. For example, if a facemask
transmission modifier is parameterized with the reduction in transmission `facemask_efficacy` upon
wearing a facemask, we ensure that we return the actual effect upon registering the transmission
modifier relative effects.

```rust
pub enum FacemaskStatusType {
    Wearing,
    None,
};

define_person_property_with_default!(FacemaskStatus, FacemaskStatusType, FacemaskStatusType::None);

// Include 1.0 - efficacy from parameters as input to modifier keys
context.register_transmission_modifier(
    infectious_status: InfectiousStatusType::Susceptible,
    person_property: FacemaskStatus,
    modifier_key: &vec![(FacemaskStatusType::Wearing, 1.0 - parameters.facemask_risk_efficacy)],
    )

context.register_transmission_modifier(
    infectious_status: InfectiousStatusType::Infectious,
    person_property: FacemaskStatus,
    modifier_key: &vec![(FacemaskStatusType::Wearing, 1.0 - parameters.facemask_infectious_efficacy)],
    )
```

### Hook to aggregator from PersonId
To calculate the total relative transmission potential change for an individual during an infection

> attempt, `Context` and the `PersonId` are supplied to `compute_relative_transmission`, which

Reviewer: Nit: `Context` isn't provided as an argument. The method is implemented as part of a trait extension on `Context`.

accepts a `PersonId` and does not require prior knowledge of their `InfectiousStatusType`.

```rust
fn compute_relative_transmission(&mut self, person_id: PersonId) -> f64 {
    let infectious_status =self.get_person_property(person_id, InfectiousStatus);

    let mut registered_modifiers = Vec::new();
    let transmission_modifier_plugin = self.get_data_container(TransmissionModifierPlugin).unwrap();
    let transmission_modifier_map = transmission_modifier_plugin
        .transmission_modifier_map
        .get(&infectious_status)
        .unwrap();

    for (t, f) in transmission_modifier_map {
        registered_modifiers.push((*t, f(self, person_id)));
    }

    transmission_modifier_plugin.run_aggregator(infectious_status, &registered_modifiers)
}
```

> We use automatic iteration through all the modifications applied to a person, which is necessary to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We automatically apply each transmission modifier function to determine all the modifications applied to a person, which is necessary to
```
